en: update docs about shard DDL lock (#269)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/cluster-operations.md

        At this time, DM tries again to replicate these DDL statements that are not skipped. However, the restarted DM-worker instances will be blocked at the position of the binlog event corresponding to the DDL binlog event, because the DM-worker instance that is not restarted has executed to the place after this DDL binlog event.

>         To resolve this issue, follow the steps described in [Handle Sharding DDL Locks Manually](feature-manually-handling-sharding-ddl-locks.md#scenario-2-some-dm-workers-stop-abnormally-or-the-network-failure-occurs-during-the-ddl-unlocking-process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To resolve this issue, follow the steps described in [Handle Sharding DDL Locks Manually](feature-manually-handling-sharding-ddl-locks.md#scenario-2-some-dm-workers-restart-during-the-ddl-unlocking-process).
```
